#summary Lists the built-in BBCode tags in the SpeedyBBC parser.
#labels Featured

---
<span style="text-align: center; color: red;">This page is currently a work-in-progress!</span>
---

= Supported Tags =

This page lists the currently supported BBCode tags which come built-in with the SpeedyBBC parser.

=== Basic Tags ===

*`[b]` - Bold* - Bolds the surrounded text with `<strong>`.

*`[i]` - Italics* - Italicizes the surrounded text with `<em>`.

*`[u]` - Underline* - Underlines the surrounded text with `<span style="text-decoration: underline !important;">`.

*`[s]` - Strike-through* - Puts a strike through the surrounded text with `<del>`.

*`[sup]` - Superscript* - Makes a superscript with `<sup>`.

*`[sub]` - Subscript* - Makes a subscript with `<sub>`.

*`[nobbc]` - No BBC parsing* - When text is surrounded with `[nobbc]...[/nobbc]` the text will not be parsed (including links and smileys) and will appear as-is.

=== Alignment Tags ===

*`[left]` - Left* - Aligns the surrounded text to the left using `<span style="text-align: left !important;">`.

*`[center]` - Center* - Aligns the surrounded text to the center using `<span style="text-align: center !important;">`.

*`[right]` - Right* - Aligns the surrounded text to the right using `<span style="text-align: right !important;">`.

*`[justify]` - Justify* - Justifies the surrounded text using `<span style="text-align: justify !important;">`.

=== Font Tags ===

*`[size=0-7]` - Font size* - Changes the font size for the surrounded text. 0 will become 0.5em, 1 will become 0.67em, then 0.83em, 1em, 1.17em, 1.5em, 2em and 7 will become 2.5em.

*`[size=1-1000(pt|px)]` - Font size (pt or px)* - Changes the font size for the surrounded text, ranging from 1 to 1000 in pt (point) or px.

=== Miscellaneous ===
acronym abbr class="bbcode-acronym"

*`[align=left|center|right|justify]` - Align* - Aligns the surrounded text with the specified value. This is simply an alternative to the alignments above.